row behind were trying to work his way
to front he's broken up and I was out in
the size happy collision
all goes down the big hit coming from
Kershaw
look at the masochist and right in front
of the work front of both benches is
more birth came right at Walters
what a hit in that neutral zone stepping
up into the play mr. John 64 225 pound
defenseman and I was ducky because I saw
the pic behind be coming at me oh man
then after the play obviously a little
bit nastiness as well a couple different
spots on the ice in front of you and
then some of it also headed over towards
this side take a look at here at a real
speed maybe get a listen to know you'll
see my face I saw the two big bodies and
there you go the nastiest right after
that so and it looks like it's gonna be
a five-minute major she turns on on
to the locker room we just saw Santa
walking down the runway next to his
bench as well sat on the bench for a few
moments before heading off d place not
agreeing with the call nothing up on the
scoreboard as of yet take a look here
see if there's head contact made on the
check here at center ice well the only
thing I can think of is baby yet
left are they have come up into the ship
the mouth area that's the only thing I
could think of this possibly could be
the the contacted ahead but mcwilliams
gonna get an unsportsmanlike conduct as
well so what you're going to end up
having is looks like a three minute
power play ultimately for North Dakota
yeah five minutes they're against hers
on three two-minute call against Andrew
mcwilliam he play still looking for an
explanation
wartime WCHA coach of the year once here
at the helm of nebraska-omaha over his
first three seasons about some of they
gave Sir John another a cross checking
as well so it's going to be a
five-minute power play for North Dakota
here 18 minutes left in this second sir
john moved his way towards this side of
the 86 where he got tied up with
mcwilliam take another look here from a
different angle on the big hit there I
guess the arms do come up a little bit
on the follow-through Thank well
certainly feeling it it makes your
sample when they found the quick brown
the